Change notifications to use "source_" prefix. (#4237)
beeware/toga: changes/4046.bugfix.md

> The list and tree listener protocols no longer incompatibly override the 'insert', 'remove' and 'clear' methods of list and tree sources, permitting mutable sources which are also listeners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ListListener` and `TreeListener` protocols no longer incompatibly override the `insert`, `remove` and `clear` methods of `ListSource` and `TreeSource`, permitting mutable sources which are also listeners.
```
